Add summary section to pull request template (#1294)
hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Summary

> _Please provide a short summary of the proposed changes here. Reference the addressed issue or provide a short rational for the changes._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please provide a short summary of the proposed changes here. Reference the addressed issue or provide a short rationale for the changes._
```

(otherwise, you would be referring to the adjective)

### PR Checklist

Please make sure to fulfil the following conditions before marking this PR ready for review:

- [ ] If this PR adds or changes features or fixes bugs, this has been added to the changelog
- [ ] If this PR adds new actions or other ways to alter the state, [test scenarios](https://github.com/hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv-public-test-scenarios) have been added.
- [ ] By signing off my commits (`git commit -s`), I certify that I have read and adhere to the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/) and license the code in this Pull Request under this projects license ([LICENSE-README.md](LICENSE-README.md)).

> - [ ] If I have used third party code that requires attribution, I have mentioned it in the code and updated [inspired-by-or-copied-from-list.html](inspired-by-or-copied-from-list.html).

Reviewer: The links to the repo files don't work, they point to `https://github.com/hpi-sam/fuesim-digital/pull/<filename>` after rendering

Reviewer: The new links are still not valid

Author: fixed :+1:

### Summary

_Please provide a short summary of the proposed changes here. Reference the addressed issue or provide a short rational for the changes._

### PR Checklist

Please make sure to fulfil the following conditions before marking this PR ready for review:

- [ ] If this PR adds or changes features or fixes bugs, this has been added to the changelog
- [ ] If this PR adds new actions or other ways to alter the state, [test scenarios](https://github.com/hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv-public-test-scenarios) have been added.
- [ ] I have the right to license the code submitted with this Pull Request under the mentioned license in the file [LICENSE-README.md](LICENSE-README.md) (i.e., this is my own code or code licensed under a license compatible to AGPL v3.0 or later, for exceptions look into [LICENSE-README.md](LICENSE-README.md)) and hereby license the code in this Pull Request under it.  
       I certify that by signing off my commits (see In case of using third party code, I have given appropriate credit.  

>        We are using DCO for that, see [here](https://github.com/dcoapp/app#how-it-works) for more information.

Author: What do you guys think about the following simplification? I find the text as is a bit redundant/confusingly structured...

```suggestion
- [ ] I have the right to license the code submitted with this Pull Request under the mentioned license in the file [LICENSE-README.md](LICENSE-README.md) (i.e., this is my own code or code licensed under a license compatible to AGPL v3.0 or later, for exceptions look into [LICENSE-README.md](LICENSE-README.md)) and hereby license the code in this Pull Request under it.  
       I certify that by signing off my commits using [DCO](https://github.com/dcoapp/app#how-it-works).
```

Reviewer: In my opinion, we could even remove the part in parentheses, since it is a duplicate of

- the reference to the `LICENSE-README.md` mentioned just before
- points (a) and (b) of the DCO

Author: I still find it a bit unclear, if, by signing off on a commit, you are certifying all statements from the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/).

Maybe we can switch-up the wording to directly reference the DCO and make it clear:

> By signing of my commits (`git commit -s`), I certify that I have read and adhere to the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/)

Reviewer: > signing of[f]

apart from this little typo, I'm fine with you suggestion
